Package contents:
README - this file.
LICENSE - the terms under which you may use FMud.
FMud.swf - the FMud binary.
FMud.html - an example html page that embeds FMud.
flashpolicy.xml - an example socket policy file.
flashpolicyd.py - standalone python script to serve the policy file.

Installation:
Edit FMud.html and flashpolicy.xml with the details for your mud. You can
change the flashvars parameters to set some defaults, see below. You can 
change the height and width parameters in the html and FMud will resize
accordingly. Set the policy_port parameter to the port number that you are 
serving the socket policy file, the default is 843. Ensure you have set the 
correct path to the FMud.swf file.

Flashvars:
The following parameters can be specified in the embedding page and will be
passed to FMud when it runs.
host - required, this is the mud connection address
port - required, this is the mud connection port
policy_port - required, set it to the port you are serving your policy file on
title - name of your mud, use + instead of spaces
font - default font, must be available on user system and will be 
overridden by user preferences
font_size - default font size, will be overridden by user preferences
hide_password - 1 or 0 to enable or disable password hiding during login
name - string to send first on connect
pass - string to send second on connect

Only the host, port and policy_port parameters are required.

Requirements:
Adobe Flash Player version 10 is required to make use of the save and load
features. You need to serve a valid xml policy file on your server to allow 
socket connections to your MUD from the FMud.swf application.
Please see the following post for details:

http://bc-dev.net/2008/05/14/security-changes-in-flash-player-901240/

The provided python script requires python version 2.5 and will need to be
run as root if you are binding port 843. Make sure your firewall allows
connections on the policy port. 

You can run the script as follows:

nohup ./flashpolicyd.py --file=/path/to/flashpolicy.xml --port=843 &
 
Some alternative scripts are linked in the post above.

When editing flashpolicy.xml to allow specific domains you must ensure
that the domain and subdomain exactly match where you host the FMud file.
For example, if you are hosting FMud at domain "www.yourmud.com" you must
specify "www.yourmud.com" and not "yourmud.com" in the flashpolicy.xml
file.

Comments, feedback and bug reports:
fmud@bc-dev.net

Further information and updates:
http://bc-dev.net/projects/fmud

FMud is (c) 2008 - 2009, Matt Adcock
